Before I begin, may I ask the holder of paddle 187 to go back to the paddle registration desk?
And in order to encourage you to do so, you'd let your credit card there.
187.
It's a great pleasure for us to offer this evening and continuing tomorrow with the collection of the Garden Limited, a collection of books and manuscripts.
I'm sorry, 178.
We not only have a credit card, we have this lexicon.
178.
Everything is sold to you subject to the conditions of sale and the terms of guarantee which appear in the front part of the catalog.
And I call your attention to the 10% buyer's premium payable on all purchases, and I remind you that any sales taxes which apply applies the full purchase price, which includes the buyer's premium.
All lots of this sale noted in your catalog, sir, payment will be due to subsidies and will not be accepted prior to January 3, 1990.
No lots will be released to a price of prior payment on January 3, 1990, unless special credit arrangements concerning the lotto may be directly with other institutions.
And that's only for a phone member or somebody to talk to you about that.
The auctioneer may open bidding on any lot by placing a bid on behalf of the seller by placing successful consecutive bids or by placing bids in response to other bidders.
And to start this evening with block number one, shown here, shown to you on the wall in front.
And we have a great many order bids, and as you can see, a great many people here.
And I just would ask that you bid by paddle, which makes things go much smoother and quicker for everybody.
Lot number one, and I have an opening bid of $15,000 for it.
I have $15,000 for it, $17,500, $20,000 in front here at 20.
I have $20,000.
The order bid against the room now is $20,000.
I have $22,500 on the right, $25,000, $27,500 now.
I have $27,500 now in front with me, $27,500.
Again, $30,000.
I have $31,000 now at the order bid, $32,000, $33,000, $34,000 now.
I have $34,000 for $34,000.
I have $34,000 for me now, $35,000, $36,000 at the back, $37,000 I have now, $38,000, $39,000, $40,000, $41,000, $42,000, $43,000, $44,000, $35,000, $46,000, $47,000, $48,000, $50,000.
$52,500 $55,000 now $57,500 $60,000 $62,500 $65,000 in front $67,500 $67,500 $70,000 at the desk $70,000 $72,500 $75,000 now $75,000 at the desk $77,500 $80,000 now $82,500 $85,000 $87,500 $90,000
Ninety-two-five.
Ninety-five thousand.
A hundred thousand.
A hundred and five thousand.
A hundred and ten thousand.
A hundred and fifteen thousand.
A hundred and twenty thousand.
A hundred and fifty thousand.
A hundred and sixty thousand.
At the desk now.
I have $160,000 up front at the desk now.
I have $160,000 in payroll.
$170,000.
I have $170,000.
On the right now, $170,000.
I have $170,000 on the right side now.
I have $170,000 all done.
$170,000.
Oh, that was a nice beginning.
I can't stop.
To who?
What's the number?
Okay, gross.
Lot number two is gross.
And $20,000 for this, I have $22,500, $25,000, $27,500, $30,000, $32,500, $35,000 now against all of you at $35,000.
I have $35,000 to bid up front here at $35,000.
I have $37,500, $40,000 now at $40,000.
I have $45,000, $50,000 now at $55,000, $60,000 here at $60,000.
I have $60,000 for it at $60,000 now.
I have $60,000 for it at $65,000 at the desk now at $65,000.
I have $65,000 for it at $65,000 at $65,000.
I have $65,000 at $70,000 on the right side now.
$80,000 is here now.
$85,000 now.
I have $85,000 on the right side of the room now at $85,000.
I have $85,000 for it at $85,000, and down it goes then on the right side of the room at $85,000.
Number 39, $85,000.
Block number 3.
And I have $5,000 for this, $5,500, $6,500 now.
I have $7,500, $8,000.
$8,000 is against all of you.
That $8,000 is the order of it now.
$8,000, $5,000, $9,000, $5,000, $10,000, $11,000 now.
I have $11,000, $40,000, $11,000.
It's up front here at $11,000, $12,000.
$13,000 in the back.
$13,000 in the rear left of the room now at $13,000.
I have $14,000 near me at $14,000.
$15,000 I have at the back.
At $15,000, the rear of the room at $15,000, $16,000 on the right side.
I have $17,000 at the back, $18,000 now.
At $18,000, $19,000, I have $20,000 on the right side.
At $21,000 in the rear now, $22,000 on the right at $22,000.
At $23,000, $24,000 now.
i have 24 000 right side now 24 24 000 all done then at 25 000 in the rear 26 000 i have on the right 26 000 still against you sir a 26 000 on the right side and down it goes down at 26. all number 26 number 39. now lot number four
And I have $10,000 for $11,000, $12,000, $15,000, $14,000 now.
I have $14,000 for $14,000, $15,000, $16,000 now.
I have $16,000, $17,000 for $18,000, $19,000 here now.
I have $19,000 for $19,000 now.
Say $20,000 on the right side of $20,000.
$21,000 I have.
I have $22,000 on the right now at $22,000.
You been here?
$23,000 in the aisle.
$24,000 way over.
I have $24,000, $25,000, $26,000.
27, 28, 29, 30,000, 31,000, 32,000 on the right, 33, 34, 35,000, 36,000, 36 extreme right, 37,000, 38,000.
39,000, 40,000, 41,000 is here now.
On the aisle, 41.
I have $41,000 for it, 41.
But it is on the aisle, 42,000.
The phone, $43,000 is here now.
At 43, I'm against you.
At $43,000, on the center aisle, 44,000, 45,000 now, 45.
I have $45,000 in the center of the room now, 45.
Of all those, at 46,000, 47,000 now, 47.
I have $47,000, $48,000, $50,000, now $52,500.
I have $50,000 in the center of the room at $50,000.
That's $50,000 towards $50,000.
Hold on then.
That's $50,000.
This is the center of the room on the aisle, $52,500.
55,000 at 55,000 still against you at 55,000 57,5 60,000 at 60,000 in the center of the room now at 60 I have $60,000 now not your bid $60,000 the center of the room all around 62 by 65,000 at $65,000 still in the center at 65 $65,000 they're wanting that 65 centers 154 65,000
Block number five.
And $75,000, I have $80,000, $90,000, $100,000 on the right side, $110,000 now, $120,000 on the right, $130,000 in the back, $140,000, $150,000, $160,000, $170,000, $180,000, $90,000, $200,000, $110,000, $120,000.
$430,000, $440,000, $450,000, $460,000, $770,000, $880,000, $900,000, $300,000 I have.
$310,000, $320,000, $330,000.
I have $330,000 in the center of the room, then.
That's $330,000 for $330,000 now.
That's $340,000.
That's $340,000 now against you, sir.
You say $50,000.
I have $340,000 then on the right side of the room standing at $340,000.
Fair warning.
50.
I have $350,000 then at the back of the room at $350,000.
All done then.
I have $350,360.
$360,000 then standing on the right side at $360,000.
Fair warning then at $360,000.
On the right.
Lot six now.
And 2,500, I have 750, $3,000, 3,250 now, 3,250, 3,500, 750, that's 3,750, 4,000 on the right, 4,250, 4,500 on the right, that's 4,500, 4,500 on the right side, 4,750, 5,000, 5,250, 5,500, 5,750, 6,250.
6,250 in the center of the room now at 6,250 and down it goes then at 6,250.
It's in the center aisle now.
Call 6,250 number 66.
Block number seven.
$5,000 and a half, $5,500 now.
At $5,500, $6,500 now, $6,500.
I have $6,500 for it, $6,500.
$7,000 in two places, $7,500 now.
$8,500, $9,500.
$10,000 at the back, not yours.
$11,000 on the aisle.
$12,000 in the rear.
$13,000 I have.
$14,000, $15,000 now.
$16,000, $17,000.
$18,000 in the rear of the room now.
$18,000 against you on the arm.
$19,000 on the right.
I have $20,000 here now.
$21,000 in the rear of the room.
I have $22,000 on the right now.
$23,000 I have.
I have $24,000 on the center aisle now.
$24,000.
I have $24,000 for it.
$25,000 at the back.
Not yours.
I have $26,000 now.
$27,000 I have.
I have $27,000 at the back of the room now.
$27,000.
$28,000 now.
$29,000.
$30,000.
I have $30,000 against you back there, $31,000, $32,000 now.
At $32,000 in front on the aisle, at $32,000.
At $32,000 in fair warning, at $32,000 the bid is up front.
432, 154.
Block number 8 next.
$10,000 in this case.
I have $10,000 for it.
Maybe $11,000 now.
At $11,000, $12,000.
$15,000 now.
At $13,000 for $13,000.
At $13,000 say $14,000.
Now $14,000 on the left aisle at $14,000.
$15,000 at $16,000 over here.
At $16,000 on this left side now at $16,000.
at 16 17 in the back of the room 18 000 i have not yours at 19 000 now 20 000 21 000 i have 22 000 now 23 000 24 000 five thousand six thousand seven thousand eight thousand nine thousand thirty thousand at thirty thousand dollars left aisle thirty thousand at thirty thousand dollars four thirty all done then at thirty thousand dollars that is on my left from the island 30 to 170
lot tonight and seventy thousand dollars and this is 75 000 i have 80 000 85 000 now at 85 000 for 85 85 000 now at 90 000 on the island on the left 95 000 now at 95 i have 900 000 now 105 000 now 410 000 on the left aisle but 110
I have $110,000 for at 110.
At $110,000 on the left, $115,000, $120,000 now.
At $120,000 on the left aisle now, at $120,000.
I have $120,000 for at $120,000 on the left side, $125,000.
At $125,000 against Juicer, $130,000, $135,000.
$140,000 on the aisle.
At $140,000 left side here at $140,000.
I have $140,000 and down it goes then at $140,000 on the left aisle.
$145,000 on the phone.
At $145,000.
$150,000 now.
At $150,000.
at $150,000, $155,000 on the phone, $160,000 now, $165,000 on the right, $170,000 over here now, $170,000, $180,000 on the right, at $190,000 on my left now, at $190,000 and against you, at $190,000 on the left aisle, not yours on the phone, at $190,000 say $200,000 I have, I have $200,000, $210,000 now, I have $210,000 against you, at $210,000, $240,000,
$230,000.
On the aisle over here now.
$340,000.
$240,000.
$250,000.
$250,000 now.
$260,000.
$270,000.
$280,000.
$290,000.
$290,000 on my left now.
$300,000.
All right, $300,000.
I have $300,000 on the phone then.
$300,000.
All done then.
$300,000 of his up front.
Sold now for $300,000.
Lot number 10 now at $100,000 and $110,000 now at $110,000, $120,000, $130,000, $130,000.
I have $130,000 now at $130,000.
$130,000 for $140,000 at the back at $140,000, $150,000.
$150,000, $150,000, $160,000, $170,000.
I have $170,000 now.
At $170,000, $180,000 on the right side.
At $180,000, I have $180,000 for $180,000 because it's on the right now.
At $180,000, I have $180,000 for $180,000 now.
I have $180,000 for $180,000.
If it's on the right side of the room then, I have $180,000.
You all done then at $180,000 on the right side.
Oh, our name, number 57.
It's the first one that goes below.
Who got that?
Lot number 11.
And I have a number of bids on this.
I have $7,000 a starter, $7,500, $8,500, $9,000 now, $10,000, $11,000 in front.
I have $11,000 against all of you now.
$11,000 in the absence of $12,000.
$13,000 here.
I have $13,000 against the room now at $13,000.
I have $13,000 scored $13,000.
Now say $14,000.
At $13,000 for the absent bidder at $13,000 and down it goes then at $13,000 against you all.
Sold for $13,000 to the order here.
Lot number 12, next.
And I have $20,000 started at $20,000 for $20,000, $22,500 now at $22,500.
I have $22,500 for $22,500 now at $22,500.
I have $25,000, $26,000 now at $26,000, $27,000, $28,000.
I have $28,000 now at $28,000, now say $9,000.
At $28,000 for $29,000 on the left aisle, $29,000, $30,000 I have.
At $30,000, $31,000 on the left, $32,000 I have.
At $33,000, $34,000, $34 against you, $35,000.
I have $35,000 left side now, at $35,000.
At $35,000 for $35,000.
Hold on, $35,000 on my left on the aisle.
Number 170, $35,000.
Lot number 13.
And $15,000 starter at $15,000 for it, $16,000, $17,000.
Now it's $17,000.
I have $17,000, $18,000, $19,000.
Now $19,000.
Now say $20,000.
I have $19,000 scored $19,000.
$20,000 in front here.
$20,000.
$21,000 now.
$22,000 I have.
That $22,000 scored $22,000.
$22,000.
At $22,000 for a 22, 23 in the back.
24,000 near me.
At $25,000, $26,000, $27,000.
At $27,000 in the right rear of the room, then.
At $27,000 for a 27.
All done, then.
$27,000 in the right rear.
27.
1, 2, 1.
27,000.
Lock number 14.
And I have $25,000 to start, $25,000 for $25,000, $25,000 now.
I have $27,500, $30,000 now, $30,000.
I have $30,000 for $30,000, $30,000.
I have $32,500, $35,000 on the right, $37,500.
$40,000 now, $40,000.
$42,500.
45,000 now on the right side is 45.
I have $45,000 towards 45.
It is on the right side of the room then.
At $45,000 towards 45, I'm down to 45.
On the right, 1245.
What is that, number 15?
That's 39.
Block number 15.
And I have $20,000 to start this, $22,500, $25,000 now, $25,000, $27,500, $30,000 in the back, $32,500, $35,000, $37,500, $40,000, $42,500, $45,000, $47,500, $50,000, $52,500, $55,000, $57,500, $60,000.
60,000 to the orbit against the room at 60 62 5 65,000 67 five on the right side now at 67 500 on the right side of the room at 67 five i have 67 500 and down it goes and it's 70 000 at the back i have 70 against you 72 five i have 72 500 down against you back there at 72 500 say 75
I have $75,000 in a new place now, $75,000 over here, $77,500.
That's $80,000 now.
That $80,000 is the future.
$80,000 is the real left of the room then.
That $80,000, $82,500.
$85,000 now.
I have $85,000, $87,500.
Not your bid.
$90,000.
I have $90,000 for it.
$92,500.
$95,000, I'll say $100.
It's $95,000.
$100,000 now.
At $100,000, say $5.
$105,000 now.
At $105,000 for it.
$105,000 on my left in the rear of the room then.
At $105,000 and down it goes then at $105,000.
That sold.
$105,000 number 148.
Lot number 16 now.
$50,000 to start.
I have $55,000 now.
$55,000, $60,000, $65,000 now.
That's $65,000 for $65,000.
$65,000.
$75,000 in the back.
$80,000.
$85,000 now.
That's $90,000 over here.
$90,000 against you.
$95,000 on the right.
$100,000 now.
$105,000 on the right.
$110,000.
$115,000.
$120,000 against you, sir.
$125,000.
$130,000.
$130,000 against you on the right.
At $130,000 in the rear of the room then.
At $130,000 and $135,000 over here now.
At $140,000.
I have $145,000 now.
$145,000 against you back there.
At $145,000 for it, $145,000 on the right side then.
At $150,000, at $150,000, $155,000, $155,000 on the right.
At $155,000, on the right side, then at $155,000, $160,000 on time.
$165,000.
$165,000 again on the right.
At $165,000, they're worth it.
$165,000, I see that at $57,000.
Next is number 17.
And $4,000 is starting at $4,500.
$5,000.
I have $5,000.
The order bid now is $5,000.
$5,000.
At $5,000, $45,000.
The bid is up front against the room is $5.
At $5,000, $45,000 now.
At $5,000, it gets to all of you.
At $5,000, and down it goes then at $5,000.
The order bid is $5,000.
$5,000.
Block number 18.
And I have $8,000 to start at $9,000 now at $10,000, $11,000 is here now at $11,000, say $12,000 at the back of the room, $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $16,000, $17,000, $18,000 now.
I have $18,000 now at $18,000 at the back of the room, $19,000 on the left side.
I have $20,000 now at $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000, $25,000, $26,000.
47,000, 28,000, 29,000, 30,000, 51,000, 52,000, 53,000, 54,000, 55,000, 56,000, 57,000, 48,000, 40,000, 42,500.
$42,500 on the center aisle now.
At $42,500, I have $42,500.
$45,000 now.
$47,500.
At $47,000, $50,000.
$52,500 now.
At $55,000.
At $55,000 on the right side.
$55,000 I have.
I have $55,000 for it at $55,000.
And down it goes, I have $55,000 on the right.
$57,500 at the back.
That's $57,500 now.
In the rear of the room, that's $57,500.
$60,000 now.
I have $60,000.
If it's again on the right side, at $60,000, there are ones.
$60,000.
$29,000.
Thank you.
about nineteen thirty five hundred dollars i have three thousand five hundred four thousand five hundred five thousand now five thousand dollars fifty five hundred in the back six thousands here sixty five hundred seven thousand five hundred eight thousand five hundred nine thousand five hundred ten thousand gentlemen at ten
11,000 on the right, 12,000, 13,000, way back now, 13, not yours now, 14 on the right, I have $14,000 for it, right side now, it's 14 against both of you, that's $14,000 on the right now, it's 14.
I have $14,000 for it, 14, and down it goes there in 14, right side, 14, number 37.
Block number 20.
And I have $50,000 poured, $55,000 now at $55,000, $60,000, $60 near me, $65,000, $70,000, $75,000, $80,000, $85,000, $90,000, $90,000 in front.
I have $90,000 poured, $90,000 in front now at $90,000.
$95,000, $100,000, $105,000.
Understand?
20, 25, 22, 35, 135 on the right side, 140, 140, 145, 145 on the right, on the right side, 150,000 over here, 155,000, 160,000, 165,000, 170, 75, 180, 190,
190 on the right now, $190,000 for it.
I have $190,000 for it, 190 and down it goes then at 190 is not your bid.
At 190 on the right side of the room, toll for 190 and 39.
Law number 21.
And I have $50,000 for this.
$50,000 for $15,500.
$60,000 on the aisle.
$55,000.
$70,000.
$75,000.
$80,000 in front.
$85,000 now.
$90,000.
$95,000.
$100,000.
$105,000.
$110,000.
$115,000.
$125,000.
$130,000.
$135,000.
$140,000.
$145,000.
$150,000.
$160,000.
$170,000.
$180,000.
$190,000.
200.
210.
210 against you, sir.
220.
230.
240.
240 in front now.
At $240,000 for a 240.
Fair warning, then, at 240 that it's here on the aisle in front.
240.
Yes, sir.
173.
Lot number 22 now.
22 and I have $3,000, $3,250, $3,500, $750, $4,250, $4,250 in front, $4,500 in the back.
I have $4,500 real left now.
$4,500, $7,50 on the $5,000 now.
$5,000 against you, sir.
I have $5,000.
Your bid is $5,000.
It's real $5,250, $5,500, $5,750.
In the back of the room on the left, $6,000, $6,250 now.
I have $6,250 for it.
at $6,250 Ford, $62.50 in the rear of the room at $6,250 and down to $6,250 in the back $105, $62.50
23 now and $2,000 for it.
I have $2,250.
$2,500.
$2,750.
At $2,750.
Say three now.
$3,250 near me.
At $3,500 on the right.
$3,750 at the back.
At $3,750 against you on the right.
$4,000.
I have $4,250.
At $4,250 in the rear of the room.
At $4,250 for it.
I have $4,250 at the rear of the room.
And down it goes $4,250 is your bid.
108 42 number 24 and fifty thousand dollars for I have fifty thousand dollars now fifty and five sixty thousand sixty five thousand dollars a sixty five thousand dollars for sixty five seventy thousand seventy five thousand now at seventy five thousand dollars for seventy five now see seventy five thousand dollars
That's $75,000.
$80,000 on the phone now at $85,000.
$85,000 for $85,000 now.
$90,000 I have.
I have $90,000 for $90,000.
$90,000 of it's on the phone in front now.
$90,000.
$90,000 for $90,000.
$90,000 of it's up front on the phone.
$90,000.
Go for $90,000.
Lot number 25 now, then $2,000.
I have more to $2,250 now.
$2,500.
$2,750.
$3,000.
$2,500.
$3,500.
On the left now, $3,500.
$3,750.
$4,000.
$4,250.
$4,500.
$3,750.
$5,000.
$5,500.
$6,500.
$67,500 at $7,500 at the center of the room at $7,500 for it, $7,500, and down it goes then at $7,500 in the center.
Lot number 26.
And I have $15,000 for it, $16,000, $17,000, $18,000 now, $19,000, $20,000, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000, $25,000, $25,000, $25,000, $26,000, $27,000, $28,000, $29,000, $30,000, $30,000, $32,500, $35,000, $37,500, $40,000 now, $42,500, $45,000, $47,500, $50,000, $52,500,